added note for signals in go (#1152)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/activities.md

## Local Activity

> In Temporal there is a concept of [Local Activity](/docs/concepts/what-is-a-local-activity). To create a local
> Activity you should use `#[LocalActivityInterface]` (instead of `#[ActivityInterface]`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Temporal there is a concept of [Local Activity](/docs/concepts/what-is-a-local-activity).
To create a Local Activity you should use `#[LocalActivityInterface]` (instead of `#[ActivityInterface]`):
```

## Local Activity

> In Temporal there is a concept of [Local Activity](/docs/concepts/what-is-a-local-activity).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Temporal has a concept of [Local Activity](/docs/concepts/what-is-a-local-activity).
```
